[Music]
Hearing the sound of the bell, the
afflictions lighten, great wisdom arises, Bodhi is born.
[Music]
Leaving the realm of hell, escaping ignorance, attaining Buddhahood, being reborn in the realm of the dead. Namo Ksitigarbha Bodhisattva,
Lord of the Underworld. Namo
Ksitigarbha Bodhisattva, Lord of the Underworld. Namo Ksitigarbha Bodhisattva, Lord of the
Underworld.
[Music] With sincere
devotion, I send forth the
fragrant clouds, offering incense throughout the ten directions, to the
Three Jewels. I vow to
uphold the Dharma throughout my life, doing good deeds for all sentient beings in the
Dharma realm,
praying for the Buddha's compassionate protection. May my Bodhi mind be firm, my resolve to
cultivate the Dharma steadfastly, escaping the
ocean of suffering and the source of delusion, quickly returning to the shore of
enlightenment. Namo Incense Offering Bodhisattva. Namo Incense Offering
Bodhisattva. Namo Incense Offering Bodhisattva Maha Bodhisattva. Namo the Three Jewels,
ever-abiding in the ten directions of the Dharma realm, bear great witness. Namo the
Buddha Shakyamuni. We respectfully
beseech all Buddhas, Bodhisattvas, and virtuous and holy monks to bear
witness and protect
us. We respectfully invite all celestial beings,
spirits, and guardian deities to descend to the altar and
support us,
your disciples, from the Minh Pho
Thanh Son Dharma Center.  The Golden Chrysanthemum Club,
practicing the Six Harmonies, is currently practicing at Ba
Vang Pagoda. Today,
March 21st, 2011 (Year of the Ox),
we, following the Six Harmonies Dharma,
at the request of the family of devotee
Pham Van Tuan (Dharma name Minh Tue), with the
permission of the monks of Ba Vang Pagoda and the
Golden Chrysanthemum Club, and
under the assignment of the Dharma assembly, have
come to the family's residence
in Thanh Son Ward,
Uong Bi City, Quang Ninh Province, to perform a ceremony of
offering food and chanting scriptures to assist the soul of
Buddhist devotee Pham Van Thuong (Dharma name
Minh Tri) who passed away at 6 PM on
March 20th, 2011 (Year of the Ox), at the age of 85.
We humbly request the power of the Three Jewels, the vows of the monks of
Ba Vang Pagoda, and the power of the Bodhisattva merits
of the Six Harmonies Dharma. We wholeheartedly
invite the soul of Pham Van Thuong
(Dharma name Minh Tri), along with the
ancestral spirits of the Pham and
Nguyen families, to
join the family and other ancestral spirits at the family's residence.
We, the assembly, will practice together
and partake in the offerings
of the faithful family. We
sincerely invite Namo Buddha Shakyamuni
[music]
to the Dharma of the demon king of the
three realms, who is not
concerned? Oh, the teacher teaches throughout heaven, the
benevolent father of the
four kinds of beings,
a single thought is very pure, the karma of the three kinds is said to be pure,
the people of
Xa Duong and the
scattered in the
eon, without the frequency of the
Buddha's teachings, the Buddha's teachings are
always vast and silent, oh, the path of understanding is
inconceivable, the origin of the people who come, the ox is
not invited, the Phoenix, oh Buddha, the radiant light
shines brightly,
before saying that the mad child bows his head,
asking for a precious prayer card, the great
heart of
Ngan Le. Namo to the entire empty space, the ocean of the Lotus Sutra, the fruit manifests in the ten directions, oh Buddhas, the Dharma, the virtuous and holy Sangha, the Lord of the Three Jewels, the great heart of the fish, Namo to the Saha world, the temple of the
Hong Ngu Buddha
Shakyamuni, the Buddha's hall, please
stay, please be
happy, the
Great Wisdom Buddha, Manjushri Bodhisattva, the Great Practice Bodhisattva Samantabhadra, the Dharma Protector, the Venerable Bodhisattva,
Linh Nga Mountain pond, assembly of
Buddhas and
Bodhisattvas
[music]
[music] [music]
[music] [music]  [
Music]
Namo Buddha Shakyamuni. We
respectfully ask all Buddhas, Bodhisattvas, and
virtuous monks to witness and bless the
family of the benefactor who has prepared food offerings. We respectfully offer this
offering to the Buddha, Dharma, and Sangha.
We respectfully ask all Buddhas, Bodhisattvas,
and virtuous monks to witness this offering to the
family of the benefactor. Namo Witnessing Bodhisattva
Mahasattva.
We also respectfully request all celestial
beings, spirits, and guardian deities to protect the
family of the benefactor who has prepared food offerings. We respectfully offer this offering to the
deities. We ask the deities to
joyfully accept it. Namo Joyful
Treasury Bodhisattva Mahasattva.
The family of the benefactor has also prepared
food offerings for the consciousness of Buddhist follower
Pham Van Thuong, Dharma name Minh Tri, and
all the ancestral spirits of
both sides of the family, as well as all spirits who have a connection
with this ceremony today. At this time, we respectfully
perform the offering ceremony. Namo Buddha
Shakyamuni.
[Music]
We invite the family to gather before the
altar for the offerings
to the deceased.
[Music] [Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
Namo Great Saint, Savior, Enlightened One, Bodhisattva Ksitigarbha
Namo Great Saint, Savior, Enlightened One, Bodhisattva Ksitigarbha Namo Great Saint, Savior, Enlightened One, Bodhisattva Ksitigarbha, compassionate and boundless, miraculous
treasure,
saves from suffering, the path of delusion, Bodhisattva Ksitigarbha, virtuous and benevolent, opens the world of hell, the pearl shines,
all pain and suffering disappear, the light reaches the underworld, the
Dharma power sails, the Prajna boat
guides, the spirit is high, wisdom spreads everywhere, Jade halo of light, Namo Great Vow Buddha, Bodhisattva Ksitigarbha Namo Great Vow Buddha,
Bodhisattva Ksitigarbha Namo Great Vow Buddha, Bodhisattva Ksitigarbha Namo Great Vow Buddha, the Guide, the Guide, the Underworld, the great vow Bodhisattva Ksitigarbha, the
Lord of the Underworld, great master, opening up skillful means, compassionate in the past, serving all Buddhas, benevolent and virtuous, in the present, for the salvation of the deluded masses, the
Bodhisattva's compassionate light shines through the paths of the Nine
Springs, the sun of wisdom shines, illuminating the dark places, the people enter the gate of enlightenment, saving the suffering, the path of the dead, the path of the dead, the path of the dead, the path of the people, the path of enlightenment, the path of the dead, the path of the dead, the path of the dead, the path of the people, the path of enlightenment, the path of the suffering, the path of the dead ...
Amidst the burning rice offering, we pray for the
Buddha's power, the Dharma, and the Sangha's strength to save us from the path of delusion
and the dangers of love. We vow that the Bodhisattva will
awaken our souls and guide us step by step.
Through the Great Heroic Power of the Buddha, Dharma, and Sangha, the Three Jewels of Compassion will break through all obstacles, and our bodies will be
radiant and pure. Our aspirations and radiant light
illuminate the souls of the lost, hoping to guide us on the path of delusion. Now, we will transform into a blooming lotus flower.
Namo, guiding the path of the great vow,
Ksitigarbha Bodhisattva. ...
[Music]
Incense and Flowers Offered. Incense and Flowers
Offered. With a single mind, we invite the
consciousness to distinguish, so that
the breath immediately separates the
Buddha-nature as it is, the original, ever-abiding, birth, death, reincarnation, and Nirvana.
[Music]
Today, in Vietnam, Quang Ninh province, the family of the deceased,
Pham Van Tuan, Dharma name
Minh Tue, respectfully offers this to the faithful, the consciousness of the
Buddhist follower Pham Van Thuong, Dharma name Minh
Tri, who departed this physical body at 6 PM on
March 20th, 2011 (Year of the Ox), at the
age of 80, together with all the departed souls of our ancestors.
The Pham and Nguyen
families are united in their devotion to the faithful family and the
two groups of departed souls, all wishing
to hear the sound of the bell. The ceremony is auspicious, the morning is bright, the
altar receives
rice and soup, and the
offering of
incense and flowers. The entire
family then brings the rice and
water back to offer as a sacrifice.
Above the rice and water is a cup of
milk, and below are two bowls of rice.
Everyone kneels down to offer the rice.
[Music] The
altar is delicious, Namo Tathagata and the stone
Ta-la-da and Lei Chi. Counting the Three Bats, visiting my
wife Hong. Namo Tathagata, the land of our Nga,
and then pointing to the Three Silvers, the family of Hong Yen Thi,
very delicious, racing cars and
going there, our Nga has gone to the land of Ksitigarbha.
[Music]
Offering of food,
Hong, eating in the sun, the Three Silvers, the beautiful garden,
Hong An, the Three Silvers, Vietnam, Japan. The
entire family offers rice up, then kneels
to pay respects to the departed souls. The
whole family pays respects to the departed souls.
[Music]
May the consciousness of the Buddhist followers be united in their devotion to the
altar and receive the food.  The Buddha's heart is
filled with joy, diligently
practicing Bodhisattva vows, benefiting in the
loving words: Namo Joyful Treasury Bodhisattva,
Namo Constantly Diligent Bodhisattva, Namo Buddha Shakyamuni. We invite the
entire assembly and
our families to gather before the
Buddha altar to recite the sutra and dedicate the merits to the
consciousness of Buddhist follower Pham Van Thuong.
[Music]
Namo Buddha Shakyamuni. At
this time, we respectfully recite the precious Dharma Sutra, the Ullambana Sutra. We respectfully
invite all the celestial beings, all the spirits, all the guardian spirits, and all the virtuous
Buddhist follower
Pham Van Thuong, Dharma name Minh Tri, and all
the departed souls to listen to the sutra. Namo Buddha
Shakyamuni.
We respectfully invite the assembly to be safe.
[Music] The
Buddha's wondrous words are beyond compare. It is
difficult to encounter them even after hundreds of thousands of lifetimes.
Now that I hear them, I will cherish and
understand the true meaning of the Buddha.
Namo Buddha Shakyamuni. Namo Buddha Shakyamuni. Namo Buddha Shakyamuni. Namo Buddha
Shakyamuni.
Respectfully, Ullambana. I have heard...  The words were
thus spoken:
Once upon a time, the World Honored One returned to the wondrous realm of the universe. The
Buddha,
having attained the six senses, wished to free his parents
from the cycle of suffering and the debt of gratitude for their
nurturing. He listened to the Buddha's teachings, and in his sleep, he
hoped to live to enlightenment and repay his filial piety.
Using his wisdom eye, he
saw a blood-red shadow in the cup, but ignored it. He did not
drink the tea, but ate the bone marrow. Seeing
this, Mục Liên felt pity for his mother's hunger and thirst. He
offered food from the street to alleviate her
long-suffering.
Seeing his mother's food, he was very worried. He covered his mouth with his left hand, then foolishly
ate the food. The karmic debt from his past life was
not yet
settled, but he had stolen from her. The food, before reaching her
mouth, had turned into charcoal, fire, and water.
[Music]
thus, he became a man of compassion and quickly
returned to the lecture hall to find a way to
resolve the calamity. The Buddha then explained the root cause clearly.
[Music]
said, "Brother, then call Mục Kiền closer and
impart to him the wondrous Dharma with
earnest care."  The fifteenth day of the seventh lunar month is the fourth day of the ten
directions. All monks observe this ceremony,
preparing a market of offerings, a hundred kinds of
colorful fruits, and heavy offerings of herbs,
incense, oil, and
pure food. Do not let blood seep from the alms bowl,
hoping for business success. The great virtuous monks of the
ten directions will receive food for seven lifetimes, and their parents will ascend to the
next life. The sun shines on them, and their merits will overcome the burdens of the thousand worlds. Because on that day, all the
holy monks, wealthy and powerful, will gather, such as those from the mountains and valleys, avoiding the
troubles of the hundred worlds, or those who have attained the highest level of enlightenment, those who
have attained the highest level of enlightenment,
those who have not practiced asceticism, those who have attained the highest level of enlightenment, those who have
not desired power and wealth, those who are anonymous, those who have attained the highest level of
enlightenment, and
those who have attained the highest level of enlightenment, or the
Bodhisattvas of the ten directions, whose
bodies are in the form of those near sentient beings, all are
very pure and compassionate in their moral teachings,
teaching the Right Concentration and True Mind. All the
saints and ordinary people are united in heart, receiving the alms bowl of rice. When
anyone has any material possessions to offer, the four sons of the
monks will have their parents present, and all their
relatives and teachers will rely on the three of them.
Is it certain that they will escape the realm of purity?
Enjoying a long and peaceful life as if still having parents, even with
money and a house, one can live for a hundred years, with
official music [music] [music] [music] before the Buddha. The great prince
replied, the monks offered prayers, six times,
then sent off. He partook in the midday meal, the
Dharma saved us. As soon as the Buddha finished speaking,
Mục Liên and the Bodhisattvas and monks all
rejoiced and slept soundly. The weeping and
sorrow ceased. Mục Liên's mother also, on
that day, could not return. The
Buddha said, "Mother and son relied on
the power of the monks' smoke and lamps, not on the defilement of the
Three Jewels. If we could not endure hardship, we would
remember later that the disciple would become a monk. The Vu Lan Bon
Dharma is vast, saving sentient beings, saving parents who still
love us in this world for about seven generations. Can we not
be
granted the right to ask the people, the lineage of people is very rich. I just
want to say, son, I will follow the path of the
virtuous man, the Bhikkhu, destroying the country with the king, the Great
Prince, the eight meritorious officials, the three officials,
and the ten thousand beings in the earthly realm, as long
as I only want to repay the kindness of my parents, both in this life and the seven generations, the deep
love.
Every year in the seventh month, after the end of the summer retreat, the monks return.
On that very day, the Buddha is joyful and must
live in the green Ba Vì mountains.  Rice and soup
should not be in the alms bowl. The Buddha, waiting for the time
from the four assemblies of monks, offers bitter
prayers. After the long life, there is no sickness or suffering. May the seven
generations depart from this place, and may the precious one return to the realm of
equal karmic connections. May the blessings of good fortune and beautiful karma not be
far from the lightness of suffering and hardship. The
green offerings of Buddhist devotees, diligently practicing filial piety,
must be
transformed into red prayers. May the auspicious destiny of peace and harmony with the
seven great parents be reborn on the 15th day of the
seventh month each year, so that the deep imprint of filial piety may be repaid. May the great Buddhas and monks
be the ultimate
repayment of the debt of nurturing and raising the parents from the
beginning of childhood. May the Buddhas and monks preserve this, and
may they be pleased. The Zen monastery has just established
the laws of the
monastic order. May
the birth and death be in harmony. May the four assemblies of Buddhist devotees be at peace, vowing to serve with one heart until the time comes. First, repaying the debt of birth and death, then helping all living beings.
Namo Great Filial Piety, the
original Bodhisattva. Namo Great Filial Piety, the Bodhisattva. Namo
Great Filial Piety, Mục Kiền Liên
Bodhisattva.
[Music]
Namo Buddha, the Original Teacher, Shakyamuni. We respectfully
invite the consciousness of the Buddhist devotees.  Pham Van
Thuong, Dharma name Minh Tri,
please listen
while still in human form. This
Buddhist consciousness, a member of the Golden Chrysanthemum Club,
is a disciple of the Buddha who has taken refuge in the Three Jewels, studied at
Ba Vang Temple, and has accumulated merits
such as listening to and learning the Dharma of Karma,
knowing how to abandon evil and do good, giving alms, practicing the Five Precepts and Eight Precepts, and
performing meritorious Buddhist activities in the Six Harmonies
at the Dharma Hall and the Golden Chrysanthemum Club.
All the merits
that this Buddhist consciousness has accumulated while in human form
will bring happiness and
peace to this Buddhist consciousness in many
future lives,
continuing the karmic connection to cultivate and seek Supreme Enlightenment. This
Buddhist consciousness should wholeheartedly make a
vow according to the words of the mind's insightful contemplation
to increase auspicious karma. No matter
what realm they are reborn into, they will have the full karmic connection to take refuge in the
Three Jewels, practice the Six Harmonies, and
respectfully follow the karmic connection. The Buddhists in the
Golden Chrysanthemum Club practice the Bodhisattva's virtuous deeds,
attain peace, and become protectors of the
immortal Dharma of the Tathagata, practicing a
noble mind and seeking Supreme Enlightenment. Namo Joyful Treasury
Bodhisattva Mahasattva. This
Buddhist consciousness remembers and takes refuge in the Three Jewels.  Taking
refuge in the Buddha means revering and practicing according to the teachings of
Shakyamuni Buddha, the
enlightened and wise master.
[Music]
Taking refuge in the Dharma means practicing according to the true Dharma
spoken from the Buddha's golden mouth. Taking refuge in the
Sangha means revering and
practicing according to the true Dharma
of the Tathagata.
[Music] Having taken
refuge in the Buddha, one does not respect or practice according to
gods, spirits, or demons. Having taken
refuge in the Dharma, one does not practice according to
heretical teachings. Having taken refuge in the Sangha, one does not associate with
evil friends or groups.
[Music]
Buddhist consciousness remembers and practices the six precepts:
one is harmony in body and mind,
two is harmony in speech and non-contention, three is harmony in thought and mutual
approval, four is harmony in precepts and mutual practice,
five is harmony in understanding and mutual resolution, six is ​​harmony in benefit and mutual respect.
Buddhist consciousness should always
diligently cultivate Bodhi mind, practice virtuous deeds, protect
the Three Jewels, and spread the Buddha Dharma
throughout the world, dedicating merit to seeking Supreme Enlightenment. Namo Ever-Awakened
Bodhisattva Mahasattva, Namo Ever-Diligent Bodhisattva Mahasattva, Namo Original Teacher Shakyamuni Buddha.
We invite the great assembly to kneel and offer our
prayers.
Namo the ten directions of the Dharma realm, the ever-abiding
three  We,
your disciples, respectfully
dedicate the merits of our practice in
this ceremony, the merits of the Six Harmonious Practices of the
Buddhists in the Golden Chrysanthemum Club, and the merits of
our family's contributions, to the
consciousness of Buddhist follower Pham Van Thuong, Dharma name
Minh Tri, who passed away at 6 PM on
March 20th, 2011 (Year of the Ox), at the
age of 80. May he be blessed with increased merit and
favorable conditions to continue practicing the Six
Harmonious Practices with the Buddhists in the
Golden Chrysanthemum Club. May he accumulate merits and pray
for Supreme Enlightenment. We dedicate these merits to
all the celestial beings, deities, and
guardian spirits, so that their blessings may increase, their
power may be enhanced, and they may
be able to connect with the Dharma and
practice with us. We also
dedicate these merits to the family and
relatives, so that they may be
freed from calamities, have increased longevity, achieve success in their work, have a
happy family, have
filial children, and develop auspicious conditions to rely on the
Three Jewels and
practice the Dharma with us, and be happy and
peaceful. Namo, we respectfully offer our prayers.  The Bodhisattva Mahasattva,
Namo, the Bodhisattva Mahasattva, Namo, the Original Teacher Shakyamuni
Buddha,
asks: "How much merit and virtue do you have in your practice? I ask that you
return it to the
Dharma realm where all sentient beings see the floating weeds of the world and
enter the realm of non-birth. I vow to eliminate the three obstacles and
cleanse all afflictions. May I attain
truly bright wisdom and vow to
eliminate all worldly afflictions. May I, the
Supreme Bodhisattva, dedicate the merit of
this practice to all beings in the ten directions, so that all of
us and all beings may
ascend to the supreme enlightenment. I take refuge in the Buddha,
vowing that all sentient beings may
understand the great path,
develop the mind of impermanence, and take refuge in the
Dharma. I vow that all sentient beings may deeply penetrate the scriptures, possess wisdom like the ocean of compassion, and take refuge in the Sangha. I vow that all sentient beings may manage the great multitude without hindrance." [Music] Buddhists, please sit down, and the family
may kneel high to offer thanks. At
this time, passing through the Chau Long altar, the devotees wholeheartedly offer thanks.
[Music] Respectfully
addressing all the Three Relatives, at this time, the
offering of food and chanting of scriptures dedicated
to the consciousness of Buddhist devotee Pham Van Thuong,
Dharma name Minh Tri, has been completed.
Buddhists, please offer your blessings to all.  May the family
be at peace, and the
funeral arrangements be completed satisfactorily. Namo Buddha
Shakyamuni
[music]